Fixed deprecated delete cascade 'false' value (#25985)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/garbage-collection.md

```

kubectl also supports cascading deletion.

To delete dependents in the foreground using kubectl, set `--cascade=foreground`.  To
orphan dependents, set `--cascade=orphan`. 

> The default behavior is to delete dependents in the background i.e. no `--cascade` option or `--cascade=background`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default behavior is to delete the dependents in the background which is the
behavior when `--cascade` is omitted or explicitly set to `background`.
```
